Add docs for knn search and cosine distance (#1738)
oneapi-src/oneDAL: docs/source/includes/nearest-neighbors/knn-introduction.rst

.. *******************************************************************************/

> :math:`k`-NN :capterm:`classification` and :capterm:`search` algorithm infers the class for the new

Author: I rewrote the sentences a bit. can you see?

feature vector by computing majority vote of the :math:`k` nearest observations
from the training set for :capterm:`classification` problem and search closest in

> distance for the new feature vector to the training set for :capterm:`search` problem.

Reviewer: I'd suggest splitting this into two or three sentences. End the sentence after "feature vector" (line 19) and then describe how the class is inferred for each type of problem.

Author: I rewrote the sentences a bit. can you see?

.. *******************************************************************************/

> :math:`k`-NN :capterm:`classification` and :capterm:`search` algorithms based on finding

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:math:`k`-NN :capterm:`classification` and :capterm:`search` algorithms are based on finding
```

> the :math:`k` nearest observations to the training set. For :capterm:`classification`
> infer the class for a new feature vector by computing majority vote of the
> :math:`k` nearest observations for the new feature vector to the training set.
> For :capterm:`search` infer :math:`k` nearest observations closest in distance for
> the new feature vector to the training set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the :math:`k` nearest observations to the training set. For :capterm:`classification`,
the problem is to infer the class of a new feature vector by computing the majority vote of its
:math:`k` nearest observations from the training set.
For :capterm:`search`, the problem is to infer :math:`k` nearest observations from the training set 
to a new feature vector. The nearest observations are computed based on the chosen distance metric.```
